## 2025-09-04 AB Meeting Summary

What follows is a brief summary of the topics discussed int he W3C Advisory Board call on 2025-09-04.

* **Team, Board and Community updates**  
  * Team gave an update including about the Web Evolve Event in Hangzhou, China on 5-6 September which several AB and Team will be attending in person and remotely.
  * Seth’s CEO August newsletter and new W3C Members were mentioned.
  * Elena gave an update on the 2025 Member survey from the Membership TF.
  * Hidde gave positive feedback about the process the Steering Committee followed for the TPAC Inclusion Fund and Invited Experts Fund and the AB discussed criteria for the future and the importance of the funds to help empower the community.
  * Angel gave an update on Ian and Dom's Project to Enhance Community Groups meeting the day before. Brent gave an update on the Advisory Board Process Questionnaire for Groups at the TPAC and asked for AB feedback so it can be finalized by the next meeting.
  * The AB also discussed LLMs and W3C from a PWE and Process perspective.

* **Planning for September AB Multi-F2F**  
The AB discussed dates and times for the upcoming hybrid/virtual meeting in September and agreed on the week of 22-September.

* **August Member Meeting Recap**  
The recent Member meeting was discussed including the value of AC meetings and the importance of communicating about them. It was also mentioned that if the AB did a breakout at the TPAC that the topic should be not just a “meet the AB” but on a topic the Members are concerned about.

* **2026 Priorities Planning**  
Dan and Angel encouraged the AB to indicate which of the 2026 Priorities they were interested in and to start to determine milestones, timelines and deliverables. It was emphasized that work on the Priorities would be a focus for the September multi F2F meetings.
