# Advisory Board meeting summary

9 October 2025

Attending: amy, angel, AvneeshSingh, brent, Dan_Appelquist, Dingwei, elenalape, Emma, hdv, Igarashi, Ota, Song

Regrets: Max

## Info Share - News from Team, Board and the larger Community

Dan noted that he attended a AB/Board/TAG Chairs + CEO meeting, the focus of which is on information sharing between the different groups. Brent noted he planned to send a mail this week to Chairs of WG at TPAC to let them know the AB would like to visit their groups to gather feedback about their experiences with the Process. Emma reminded the AB to register for [TPAC](https://www.w3.org/2025/11/TPAC/registration.html). Angel noted an upcoming W3C 2025 EU Member meeting. Amy shared that the Comm Team had been busy with the [logo and Brand Standard](https://www.w3.org/policies/logos/#logo-usage) launch as well as a project review by Sodestream who presented their research quantitatively analysing W3C and its overlaps and similarities with the IETF (info to be shared when available).

## Procedure to review, approve and release AB meeting minutes

Dan and Angel presented a proposal to make AB minutes available to members more quickly. Team apologized for long delays noting a combination of issues including atypical Team availability and added meetings/summaries but that Team are working to finish them. Suggestions for future included: releasing the minutes with less “polish” in terms of formatting (“perfect being the enemy of done”); emphasizing AB could help the Team by making any edits in real time in irc; but still allowing a window of time for the AB to review them before being sent to members.

## Plan for 2026 AB Meetings

The AB discussed a tentative AB meeting in Europe in June/July 2026 and a 3-day meeting after the 2026 April AC meeting in China.

## AB 2026 Priorities - Participation in Team-led strategy task forces

Amy gave an update on the [Strategic Objectives](https://www.w3.org/2025/06/w3c-2025-roadmap-to-develop-a-strategy/#4-strategic-objectives) TFs. She noted the Team and Members involved in each Initiative TF, outlined the different objectives; and confirmed the TF work overlaps with many areas of the [AB 2025-2026 Priorities](https://www.w3.org/wiki/AB/2026_Priorities#AB_Priorities_2025-2026) (member-only-link). Dan noted these TFs are opportunities to participate in the community and that the AB are elected members of a body to provide leadership, and this is one way they can help do that.

## The AC list and Polls
Angel noted a GH issue about the AC list and polls. Igarashi noted it was important to get feedback from the AC and community. Hidde noted that it’s important that what is being voted on be understood; that any mechanism to do so should be simple (even a simple yes/no mail); and easy for any AB/Member. He also noted GH allows polls. Though the meeting time was over, the topic was of wide interest so Angel said she’d bring back to the AB for discussion.
