# Advisory Board meeting summary

23 October 2025 AB meeting

Full minutes: https://www.w3.org/2025/10/23-ab-minutes.html (member-only link)

attending: angel, AvneeshSingh, brent, Dan_Appelquist, Dingwei, elena, gendler, hdv, Igarashi, amy, emma

## Info Share

Dan noted he’s working on a session proposal for TPAC with Simone, which is on the topic of human rights and standards. Amy mentioned Simone worked on a [W3C Standards Vulnerability Disclosure & Handling Process and Policy](https://w3c.github.io/security-disclosure/); Coralie and Sylvia updated our [Support us page](https://www.w3.org/support-us/);  Marie-Claire is preparing videos from the European member meeting and other Team work included: the TAG election and TPAC prep. Angel also noted Europe will switch to Standard time next week and the US, the following week.

## Oct 21 AB-led member meeting readout

Session topics included a presentation on the recent age-related content restrictions workshop; discussion of TPAC sessions and how to enhance the AB-led meetings. Ideas for the AB-led meeting included creating a GH to gather input; expanding who can participate; and renaming the meetings to reflect their purpose.

## AB 2026 Priorities Status review Writing

Hidde and Elena reported on their report on a strategy for AI including considering to what extent they will suggest a path vs present a path on AI use. The AB discussed [different types](https://www.w3.org/standards/types/) of W3C documents.

## Arrangements for AB Members to meet WG meetings and collect group feedback on Process Document during TPAC2025

Brent created a spreadsheet of Groups/Rooms at TPAC. He said he thought it would be great if two AB members could go to each meeting and encouraged everyone to sign up. He said it was important to make a concerted effort to visit every group and he intends to spend every minute he can talking to people in WG meetings. Dan confirmed he’s already started reaching out to groups and said the mindset should be hearing and listening to people's feedback. Igarashi also suggested talking to groups during lunches as well. Max concurred and emphasized that hallway conversations are important and noted leaving room for “off the minutes” comments as well. Brent confirmed that the group could use the AB meeting on the Monday of TPAC to coordinate.

# AoB

The AB discussed issues to be raised at their next meeting including: [polling for the AC](https://github.com/w3c/AB-memberonly/issues/295) (member-only link); AB work mode; and the hybrid AC meeting.
