# Advisory Board meeting summary

30 October 2025

Attending: amy, Angel, AvneeshSingh, Dan_Appelquist, Brent,
          DingWei, Elena, gendler, Hidde, hober, Igarashi, Ota,
          Tess, Coralie

Minutes: https://www.w3.org/2025/10/30-ab-minutes.html (member-only link)

## Info Share - News from Team, Board and the larger Community
The AB discussed the time change and what timezone to pin the meeting to. Team is very busy preparing for the TPAC; there are new members some of whom will attend the Dev meetup at the TPAC and the promotion of the hackathon led by Elena. Max noted Board members passed on their thanks for the tenor and openness of recent conversation between the AB and the Board regarding the AB-Board Liaison. Brent confirmed that he’s continuing to work on coordinating AB members to meet with Working Groups at TPAC and Dan encouraged people to note any meetings they have scheduled with Groups. Dan confirmed the AB will meet Monday morning and Friday afternoon at TPAC.

## Team report on the due diligence around the new logo launch Member timeline
Amy noted the Team had been monitoring discussions on ac-forum while that they are cautious to not seem to be imposing. Comm wanted to share a timeline of the launch and metrics of responses we received. Some AB reactions included: that while some are comfortable with the design but that there’s also a minority that should be listened to; that there was enough (if not almost too much) communication and due diligence but that there might be mitigations; that we should let the mailing list cool down, keep the plan open, discuss with the Board and CEO how to handle.

## How do we open up AB-led member meeting?
There is a monthly meeting of W3C members hosted by the AB called the “AB-Led Member meeting.” Recently there has been discussion on whether to open this meeting up to all members of the w3c community, beyond the Advisory Committee members (company representatives) themselves. Igarshi had outlined some pros and cons of opening up the AB-led member meeting. Dan noted that he supports proposals which would raise the level of community and participation (like those who attend the TPAC have mentioned). Angel expanded on points in Igarashi’s proposal to suggest that there might be two types of meetings: those for AC and those for community. This idea was widely supported by other members of the AB. DingWei noted that he had encouraged members to share about their Breakouts at the last meeting and that was successful. Avneesh suggested using the AB-led member meetings to focus on AC engagement, even using it at strategic times to ask questions of the AC about upcoming meetings and raise engagement. Ota noted that Japanese members shared with him that making sure that meeting agendas are shared in enough time (ideally a week in advance) would be important. Igarashi clarified that the AC reps might invite others from their organization as appropriate to the member meetings. Dan offered to work on expanding on the idea (with Hidde and Angel).

## AB work mode
Dan suggested time at TPAC for the AB to discuss their work mode and use of tools (like the AB wiki, repos etc.

## The AC list and Polls
There has been an [ongoing discussion](https://github.com/w3c/AB-memberonly/issues/295) (member-only link) on how Advisory Committee members might be empowered to create polls of the W3C membership. Igarashi gave an overview that some members were interested in mechanisms to create polls. Tess felt that WBS should be used instead of GH and that the AC should have a chair, discuss issues, organize its work and put questions to itself. Max noted that there is potential for chaos or that there might be badgering or negative cultural consequences. Igarashi noted there should be more discussion of formalizing polls, the objectives and scope. Dan suggested times during the F2F at TPAC to continue the discussion.
