# Advisory Board meeting

14 November 2025

Attending: amy, Angel, AvneeshSingh, Brent, Dan_Appelquist, Dingwei, Elena, Emma, gendler, hdv, hober, Igarashi, Ota, Song

Full minutes: https://www.w3.org/2025/11/14-ab-minutes.html (member-only link)

## TPAC + Group Feedback Readout:
The AB discussed feedback they received from their meetings with Groups during the TPAC week, including during wokring group meetings and in [a special breakout session](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/73116de7-09aa-4396-b4c0-4f7b73895abc/). Feedback included that: there’s an appetite for W3C process to evolve to how people are doing the work; there’s a lot of respect for the Process; while there's some frustration in the time that horizontal review can take, the Members see a lot of value in how W3C does work. Some felt that the chartering process is painful or unclear or might need more time; and that delay in handling FOs is unacceptable. How standards might be made more suitable for reference in government regulations was discussed and the difficult of referencing a “living standard” in regulations. Suggestions from the Groups included: making updates to RECs easier; tooling enhancements; a less onerous path for chartering for long-lived groups; developing a summary or knowledge base; that AC rather than Team should originate charters; that there should be a lighter-weight process for IEs. Some feedback included reports of negative group dynamic and the AB encouraged the Chairs to be reminded of the Code. Groups also expressed they were glad the AB was taking on this work and the topic was suggested for a monthly member meeting.

There was also discussion of the AC meeting; the talk topics; getting more feedback from AC reps; and the importance for non-native English speakers of having at least irc scribing if not translations.

## AB related meetings in coming weeks:
Due to travel and recovery from the TPAC the AB decided to cancel the AB meeting the following week and reschedule the member meeting to 25 November. It was reiterated that getting feedback on TPAC could be part of the agenda.

## GH Issue Review:
The AB reviewed several pending GH issues in their private repo and resolved, suggested actions for and closed multiple issues.

## About the Breakout resolution of AC poll
The AB discussed a resolution made at the Breakout on "[Enabling Effective AC Participation](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/f3f84f84-e1a0-49a6-97d8-6db2736ccd74/)” which addressed feedback mechanisms for the AC and a resolution to create a GH for AC polls and to use WBS to execute them. Some felt that while the Breakout only hosted a small proportion of the membership and that the resolution and solution might be a bit heavy-handed or over-engineered. However, the AB felt that the voices of the Membership should not be ignored. It was suggested that to avoid any potential for polls to be misused there should be safeguards in how they are set  up (which was reflected in the outcome of the breakout discussion) and that polls are to be seen as informative only, not formal nor part of any decision-making; and no other group would be compelled by any poll result. It was suggested that any polling should be understood as an experiment; that Team should have some control of how surveys are done; and that it’s valuable to hear from the broader membership. The AB [resolved](https://github.com/w3c/AB-memberonly/issues/295#issuecomment-3531508427) (member-only link) that while they have reservations, they support giving this experiment a try and asked the Team to implement a non-binding polling mechanism for a period of 6 months, the specifics of which are left up to the Team. 

## Follow up discussion on AB-led member meeting
The AB discussed renaming this meeting, which is a monthly meeting open to W3C member companies, organized by the AB, and how to enhance the current model for this meeting. It was discussed that an AC rep can invite others from their organization when appropriate. The agreed new name will be "Monthly Member Meeting", for now.

## February AB Meeting
The AB discussed options for a hybrid (virtual and in person) F2F meeting in February and tentatively agreed to meet in London the first week of February, pending confirmation of hosting plans.
