# Advisory Board meeting at TPAC
10 November 2025

attending: Amy, Angel, Brent, Dan_Appelquist, DingWei, elena, Emma, gendler, Hidde, hober, Igarashi, Max, Ota

regrets: AvneeshSingh

## Process Project planning
The AB reviewed its plans for to meet with Groups at the TPAC to ask for feedback on the Process. Group assignments were discussed with two AB members per group where possible. Framing from Brent's Questionnaire included: "frank feedback on the Process any pain points you as a group have experienced” and "how Process interactions have gone.” As well as taking notes (without attributed comments) in the meetings, the AB wanted to encourage Members to give feedback on an ongoing basis, in email, via GH, in person and at the monthly meetings. The AB also mentioned the "Tell Us What's Wrong with the Process” Breakout on Wednesday. Brent asked to have encouragement to give input to the AB included in the daily TPAC mails. The AB discussed other interesting breakouts and the Tuesday hackathon led by Elena.

## Member Survey Overview
Emma gave an overview of the Member Survey results she helped to develop and analyze. She noted this survey was to Members and it got 156 results with an average of 4/5 for Member satisfaction. The top priorities were: reducing barriers, streamlining process and enhancing diversity. The AB was pleased to note that these were big areas of focus for their Priorities and projects. Members felt the most important benefit was influence and participation in web standards. A large number felt that W3C should accelerate the REC track. Other information included imbalances in demographics of gender and age (fewer women and younger people). Emma noted that going forward the Membership TF focus would be to remove barriers to participation and improve communications. She noted that members consistently gave feedback that they genuinely want to work together. The AB noted the gap between positive feelings in the survey and at TPAC and a more dissatisfied tone on ac-forum. They raised again the Member desire for faster and more responsive work and discussed the balance between moving fast enough and the value of the horizontal review process as well as other SDOs, patent policy etc.

## AB Workmode
The AB discussed its work mode. More AB participation in GH was encouraged while acknowledging the importance of having enough time and focus for other work. The AB discussed using a combination of async and synchronous work and using triaging to address concerns. Brent offered to work to prepare ab-private GH issues to tag for closing and the AB resolved to set aside time each AB meeting to address issues.
