# Advisory Board meeting

20 November  2025

Attending: amy, angel, Dan_Appelquist, gendler, hdv, hober, Ota, Brent, Elena, Avneesh, DingWei

Regrets: Emma, Igarashi

Full minutes: https://www.w3.org/2025/11/20-ab-minutes.html (member-only link)

## Info Share
Team noted the [new TAG members have been seated](https://www.w3.org/news/2025/w3c-advisory-committee-elects-technical-architecture-group/), that one of them was a TAG fellow and that the Team are seeking suggestions for appointments. The TAG also published a finding on "[Preventing Abuse of Digital Credentials](https://www.w3.org/2001/tag/doc/prevent-credential-abuse/)”.

## Open Issue Review & Triage
The AB reviewed open issues in the GH repo and resolved several. Dan encouraged people to review issues in the GH and to suggest ones which might be closed. He noted he’d been working on updating AB documentation to reflect change in AB work including summaries.

## Jan 2026 AB F2F Meeting in London:
The AB discussed options for a possible meeting in London and requirements for visas. Elena noted the TAG might also be there at that time and Dan said he’d reach out to them.

## More outcome from TPAC discussions:
The AB discussed a Policy BoF and the Future of the Open Web Breakout at TPAC. DingWei noted that the Exploration IG might be interested a suggestion from the IETF of “Dispatch discussions” to bring new ideas. The AB felt that these might be adjusted for W3C for the monthly meetings. The AB discussed how to present the member meetings to demonstrate their value and pique in future. The AB also discussed some feedback from ECMA and the inclusion of W3C work in another UNHCR report.
