# Advisory Board meeting

4 December 2025

attending: Amy, Angel, AvneeshSingh, brent, Dan_Appelquist, Dingwei, gendler, Hidde, hober, Igarashi, Max, Ota, Song

regrets: Emma, Elena

Full minutes: https://www.w3.org/2025/12/04-ab-minutes.html (member-only link)

## Info Share - News from Team, Board and the larger Community
The Team shared updates including about the upcoming ERCIM holiday closing at the end of December for two weeks. Hidde gave an update from ITU event in Europe and noted he heard feedback about how happy they are with consensus based standards but also how they have not heard from W3C recently. Dan gave an update from the AB/TAG/Board Chairs call and mentioned planning for another joint meeting in China at the AC meeting. Avneesh gave an update from the Impact Framework task force and Song mentioned a potential new alliance on multimedia work.

## Open Issue Review & Triage:
Open issues included [calls for agenda topics](https://github.com/w3c/ab-memberonly/issues/308) (member-only link) for the next Monthly Member meetings and an [issue about Invited Expert](https://github.com/w3c/ab-memberonly/issues/311) (member-only link) processes. The AB discussed the value of improving transparency and clarifying the process for how IEs are approved but wanted to be careful to not make it more difficult for IEs to participate.

## Monthly Member Meeting readout
The AB confirmed that the next Monthly Member Meeting would be 16 December. They noted that at the last member meeting they heard strong interest in exploring how to make the AC meeting during TPAC more interactive, to have more large format presentations, and to ensure translation is enabled.

## AB Meetings (timing and F2F)
The AB confirmed dates for an upcoming meeting in London.

## 2026 AB Priority Project: Process Refactoring / Simplification
Brent gave an overview of his synthesis of feedback from Groups gathered by the AB during TPAC and at the [TPAC session on this topic](https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/73116de7-09aa-4396-b4c0-4f7b73895abc/). He noted that people generally like the Process, however some wished for more explanation. Support of horizontal review in general was strong but the process for getting horizontal review was considered difficult. The difficulty in updating a Recommendation, FOs, and rechartering were also mentioned. It was suggested some potential solutions might be found in open source tools not (yet) mentioned in the Process. The AB discussed that issues with the Process might need to be addressed holistically (as many are connected) but that there might be potential “low hanging fruit” (easy and quick options) to address. Brent asked for comments and feedback.
